Add in extended note for alexa integration to describe routines (#29356)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/alexa.intent.markdown

Alexa will now respond with a random phrase each time. You can use the include for as many different intents as you like so you only need to create the list once.

> ## Workaround for having to say the skill's name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Workaround for having to say the skill's name

```

> Users may wish to run script and scene intents without using the skill's name. For example, `Alexa <some script>` may be preferrable to `Alexa ask Home Assistant to run <some script>` due to the length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you want to run script or scene intents without using the skill's name. For example, `Alexa <some script>` instead of `Alexa ask Home Assistant to run <some script>` because it is shorter.
```

> Like me, would you prefer to use the run script (or run scene) intents without using the skill's name. e.g instead of saying `Alexa ask Home Assistant to run <some script>` you'd prefer to say `Alexa <some script>` on a dev skill?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users may wish to run script and scene intents without using the skill's name. For example, `Alexa <some script>` may be preferrable to `Alexa ask Home Assistant to run <some script>` due to the length.
```

> One workaround to achieve this is to use Alexa routines as well. Configure a routine in the Alexa app that responds to the command you want to use (e.g 'Alexa, turn on the dryer'). This routine should include a customised action that contains the full phrase you configured in your Skill (e.g. 'Alexa, ask Home Assistant to run the dryer on script').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do this by using Alexa routines. 
1. Configure a routine in the Alexa app that responds to the command you want to use:
   -  For example, 'Alexa, turn on the dryer'. 
2.  Make sure this routine includes a customized action that contains the full phrase you configured in your skill:
     - For example, 'Alexa, ask Home Assistant to run the dryer on script'.
```

> If so, a quick and perhaps a touch dirty, workaround is to use Alexa routines as well. Configure a routine in the Alexa app that responds to the command you want to use (e..g 'Alexa, turn on the dryer' and runs a customised action that would be the full phrase that you configured in your Skill e.g. 'Alexa, ask Home Assistant to run the dryer on script'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One workaround to achieve this is to use Alexa routines as well. Configure a routine in the Alexa app that responds to the command you want to use (e.g 'Alexa, turn on the dryer'). This routine should include a customised action that contains the full phrase you configured in your Skill (e.g. 'Alexa, ask Home Assistant to run the dryer on script').
```

Alexa will now respond with a random phrase each time. You can use the include for as many different intents as you like so you only need to create the list once.

## Workaround for having to say the skill's name

> Sometimes, you want to run script or scene intents without using the skill's name. For example, `Alexa <some script>` instead of `Alexa ask Home Assistant to run <some script>` because it is shorter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you want to run script or scene intents without using the skill's name. For example, 'Alexa <some script>' instead of 'Alexa ask Home Assistant to run <some script>' because it is shorter.
```

> Sometimes, you want to run script or scene intents without using the skill's name. For example, 'Alexa <some script>' instead of 'Alexa ask Home Assistant to run <some script>' because it is shorter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you want to run script or scene intents without using the skill's name. For example, 'Alexa `<some script>`' instead of 'Alexa ask Home Assistant to run `<some script>`' because it is shorter.
```
